1)no of lot creation per day must be unlimited per day.
2in manage lot change the title to "create new lot."
3in delears update is working but wrong mes is coming.
4*in dealer mobile no  characters must me max 11 DIGITS.
6* after creating a new dealer wrong info is showing that sorry plz try again later.
7*after entering a bank name or account no in dealer every coloum must be filled SHOULD BE MANDETATORY  except comments
7*in dealer show/hide option dealer comp name ,delear name ,mob no(1st one),tin  no ,bank details  email 1st one all must show in same way as shown here.
8* entire soft must be in capital letters and data we enter must also to be saved in capital letters.
9*in product ,first product group must come and 2 nd category then product.

5* in mobile num option just give one mob number and beside that add more numbers option .and for every  new box of entering mob no,  besides there must be a box for entering text.and same for emails also.
6*add a comment box after email in dealer.

 

10*in value add ( by percentage) max caracters must be three only. and in value add by fixed  beside box gms must be there.and for value add fix after decimal 3 digits shouls be allowed.
11* remove weightless option in product.
13*upload files option in user (seperate for photo) and other files,and order must be in this way
1)name,fathers name,mother name,temp add,permanant add,mobile no ,email ,pan no, aadhar no ,ration no,voter id no,ref name,ref add,ref mob no,username,password,role
14*check boxes for user for activate and de activation n of users
12* in product show/hide all the things present in product creation m,ust come such as name ,short,group,category,value add,makingcharge, stone item.
16* in entire soft weight must be in three digits after decimal and in assign lot and barcode print make the changes what we  have discussed on chat.


15*need more clarification in cust profile and seperate upload for cust pic. eg mr ,mrs ,miss and first name ,middle name,last name,cust dad name etc
17 image add option must come either when adding a product soon after barcode print or a option to add image and just by entering a barcode no we can upload image ...decide  as suits best..
ouestion

1)what will happen about the lots on next day?
**i have told you for gallery 
**reports also